docs: add single node upgrade script rollback troubleshooting DOC-2864 (#10631)
spectrocloud/librarium: _partials/self-hosted/management-appliance/_upgrade-palette-upgrade-notes.mdx

  {props.version}. This script ensures the `linstor-lvm-storage` StorageClass has correct parameters and safely
  recreates the PVC while preserving data.

  :::warning 
  
  Do _not_ execute this script for single node deployments as it relates to High Availability (HA) configurations only. 

  If you have a single node deployment and have mistakenly executed the script, please refer to the

>   <VersionedLink text="Scenario - Rollback Linstor High Availability Configuration on Single Node Environments" url="/troubleshooting/enterprise-install/#scenario---rollback-linstor-high-availability-configuration-on-single-node-environments"/> troubleshooting guide for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Do _not_ execute this script for single-node deployments. This script applies to High Availability (HA) deployments only. 

  If you have a single-node deployment and mistakenly executed the script, refer to the
  <VersionedLink text="Scenario - Rollback Linstor High Availability Configuration on Single Node Environments" url="/troubleshooting/enterprise-install/#scenario---rollback-linstor-high-availability-configuration-on-single-node-environments"/> troubleshooting guide.
```
